Create documentation (#32)
meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch: README.md

  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq">FAQ</a>
</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/workflows/Tests/badge.svg" alt="Test"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://ms-bors.herokuapp.com/repositories/8"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">⚡ The Meilisearch API extension written for Firebase</p>

# Search in your Firestore content with Meilisearch

**Author**: Meilisearch (**[https://meilisearch.com](https://meilisearch.com)**)

**Description**: Fulltext Search on Firebase with Meilisearch

**Details**: Use this extension to synchronize documents from a Cloud Firestore collection to a Meilisearch index. This allows you to use a full text search in your Cloud Firestore documents.

> This extension listens to each creation, update or deletion of your documents to keep them sync with your Meilisearch index, so the data in Meilisearch is a mirror of your content in Cloud Firestore. You can then run queries on this mirrored dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension listens to each creation, update, or deletion of your documents to keep them in sync with your Meilisearch index. The data in Meilisearch is a mirror of your content in Cloud Firestore. You can then run queries on this mirrored dataset.
```

Note that this extension only listens for changes to _documents_ in a specific collection, but not changes in any _subcollection_. However, you can install additional instances of this extension to listen to other collections in your Firestore database.

> #### Additional setup

Reviewer: Same changes as before

Author: I don't see what changes you mean

Before installing this extension, you'll need to:

- [Set up Cloud Firestore in your Firebase project.](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart)
- Run Meilisearch instance. There are many easy ways [to download and run a Meilisearch instance.](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/installation.html#download-and-launch)

> #### Data import format

Reviewer: Same changes as before

Documents indexed in Meilisearch need to have a [unique id](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html#primary-field), to do so this extension will use the default field provided for this purpose in Firestore: `Document ID` which will be renamed `_firestore_id` used as [document id](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html#document-id). If your documents have an `id` field it will be added to your documents without it being your primary key.

**Important:**  If your document have a field `_firestore_id` it will be ignored.

[GeoSearch](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/geosearch.html#geosearch) has a specific format in Meilisearch, if a `GeoPoint` from Firestore with the name `_geo` is found the field `latitude` would renamed to `lat` and the field `longitude` to `lng`.
If a `GeoPoint` is found without the name `_geo` it would added like an array.

> #### Backfill your Meilisearch

Reviewer: same changes as before

#### Billing

To install an extension, your project must be on the [Blaze (pay as you go) plan](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

* You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension (even if it is not used).
* This extension uses other Firebase or Google Cloud services which may have
  associated charges if you exceed the service’s free tier:
  *   Cloud Firestore
  *   Cloud Functions (Node.js 10+ runtime. [See FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

When you use Firebase Extensions, you're only charged for the underlying
resources that you use. A paid-tier billing plan is only required if the
extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling to
a Google Cloud API or making outbound network requests to non-Google services.
All Firebase services offer a free tier of usage.
[Learn more about Firebase billing.](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

**Configuration Parameters:**

> * Cloud Functions location: Where do you want to deploy the functions created for this extension? For help selecting a location, refer to the [location selection guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/locations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cloud Functions location: Where do you want to deploy the functions created for this extension? If you need help selecting a location, refer to the [location selection guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/locations).
```

* Collection path: What is the path of the collection you would like to export into Meilisearch?

> * Fields to index in Meilisearch: What are the names of the fields you want to be indexed in Meilisearch? Create a comma-separated list of the fields name, or leave blank to take all fields. The id field is always indexed even when omitted in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fields to index in Meilisearch: What fields do you want to index in Meilisearch? Create a comma-separated list of the field names, or leave it blank to include all fields. The id field is always indexed even when omitted from the list.
```

* Fields in which to search. - Optional: What are the names of the fields you want to make searchable in Meilisearch? This features is optional. See [the documentation about it](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/field_properties.html#searchable-fields) for more information. Create a comma-separated list of fields, or leave blank to include all fields.

* Meilisearch Index Name: What is the name of the index you want your data to be indexed in?

* Meilisearch host: What is the url of the host of your Meilisearch database? Make sure your url starts with `http://` or `https://`

> * Meilisearch API key: What is your Meilisearch API key with permission to perform actions on indexes? Both the private key and the master key are valid choices but we strongly recommend using the private key for security purposes. Check out our guide on [authentification](https://dev.docs.meilisearch.com/reference/features/authentication.html#key-types).

Author: Same as above this text came from the `POSTINSTALL.md` file. I rewrite it

**Cloud Functions:**

* **indexingWorker:** Cloud function triggered by document modification in Firestore to import changes into Meilisearch.

---

## 🧩 Install this extension

### Console

[![Install this extension in your Firebase project](https://www.gstatic.com/mobilesdk/210513_mobilesdk/install-extension.png "Install this extension in your Firebase project")][install-link]

[install-link]: https://console.firebase.google.com/project/_/extensions/install?ref=publisher_id/extension_name

### Firebase CLI

```bash
firebase ext:install meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch --project=[your-project-id]
```

> Learn more about installing extensions in the Firebase Extensions documentation:
> [console](https://firebase.google.com/docs/extensions/install-extensions?platform=console),
> [CLI](https://firebase.google.com/docs/extensions/install-extensions?platform=cli)

---

## ⚙️ Development Workflow and Contributing

Any new contribution is more than welcome in this project!

> If you want to know more about the development workflow or want to contribute, please visit our [contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about the development workflow or wish to contribute, please see our [contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions!
```

> <h1 align="center">⚠ WIP ⚠️</h1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">firestore-meilisearch</h1>
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/main/assets/logos/meilisearch_firebase.svg" alt="Meilisearch-Firestore" width="200" height="200" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Meilisearch Firestore</h1>

<h4 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch">Meilisearch</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://slack.meilisearch.com">Slack</a> |
  <a href="https://roadmap.meilisearch.com/tabs/1-under-consideration">Roadmap</a> |
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.meilisearch.com/faq">FAQ</a>
</h4>

<p align="center">

>   <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>

Reviewer 2: not sure firestore extension is in packagist

Author: We don't ...

  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/actions"><img src="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/workflows/Tests/badge.svg" alt="Test"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://ms-bors.herokuapp.com/repositories/8"><img src="https://bors.tech/images/badge_small.svg" alt="Bors enabled"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">⚡ The Meilisearch API extension written for Firebase</p>

# Search in your Firestore content with Meilisearch

**Author**: Meilisearch (**[https://meilisearch.com](https://meilisearch.com)**)

> **Description**: Fulltext Search on Firebase with Meilisearch
> 
> 
> 
> **Details**: Use this extension to synchronize documents from a Cloud Firestore collection to a Meilisearch index. This allows you to use a full text search in your Cloud Firestore documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Description**: Fulltext Search on Firebase with Meilisearch

**Details**: Use this extension to synchronize documents from a Cloud Firestore collection to a Meilisearch index. This allows you to use a full text search in your Cloud Firestore documents.
```

This extension listens to each creation, update or deletion of your documents to keep them sync with your Meilisearch index, so the data in Meilisearch is a mirror of your content in Cloud Firestore. You can then run queries on this mirrored dataset.

Note that this extension only listens for changes to _documents_ in a specific collection, but not changes in any _subcollection_. However, you can install additional instances of this extension to listen to other collections in your Firestore database.

#### Additional setup

Before installing this extension, you'll need to:

- [Set up Cloud Firestore in your Firebase project.](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart)

> - Run Meilisearch instance. There are many easy ways [to download and run a Meilisearch instance.](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/installation.html#download-and-launch)

Reviewer 2: This is the 3th time you paste all these sections. Is there maybe a better way to avoid triple text repetition? If not no problem

#### Billing

To install an extension, your project must be on the [Blaze (pay as you go) plan](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

* You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension (even if it is not used).
* This extension uses other Firebase or Google Cloud services which may have
  associated charges if you exceed the service’s free tier:
  *   Cloud Firestore
  *   Cloud Functions (Node.js 10+ runtime. [See FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

When you use Firebase Extensions, you're only charged for the underlying
resources that you use. A paid-tier billing plan is only required if the
extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling to
a Google Cloud API or making outbound network requests to non-Google services.
All Firebase services offer a free tier of usage.
[Learn more about Firebase billing.](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

> **Configuration Parameters:**

Author: The `README.md` file is auto-generated by the `firebase CLI` (a tool for managing, viewing, and deploying to Firebase projects) from the `PREINSTALL.md`, `POSTINSTALL.md` and `extension.yaml` documents. So all the page layouts from line 26 to 100 
The `firebase CLI` (a tool to manage, view and deploy Firebase projects) allows to auto-generate the `README.md` file from the `PREINSTALL.md`, `POSTINSTALL.md` and `extension.yaml` documents. It why there is a lot of repeating sentences.
I used this tool to generate the text from lines 26 to 100, so all the page layout came from this tool. I decided to use this tool because it allows consistency in the `README` with other firebase projects
